let ASO install CRDs (#4547)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/topics/aso.md

### Installing more CRDs

#### For a fresh installation

> From the release v1.13.2, users can specify additional ASO CRDs to be installed in the management cluster by exporting `ADDITIONAL_ASO_CRDS` variable.

Reviewer: Nit: I don't think we need to worry about specifying the release version here, as the netlify publishing produces doc artifacts per-release.

I also don't think we want to include this change into a CAPZ patch release (we'd ship this w/ v1.14.0)

cc @mboersma for sanity checking the netlify statement
cc @dtzar about the patch release statement

Reviewer 2: Agree, we should remove the version in the docs.  Also think this should be included with 1.14, not the patch.  Re: SemVer - this is essentially a new feature, not a patch.

Reviewer 3: Netlify publishes from the latest cut release branch, so you're right that any mention of it here won't appear on the site until we cut Netlify over to the release-1.14 branch.

For example, to install all the CRDs of `cache.azure.com` and `MongodbDatabase.documentdb.azure.com`:
- `export ADDITIONAL_ASO_CRDS="cache.azure.com/*;documentdb.azure.com/MongodbDatabase"`
- continue with the installation of CAPZ as specified here [Cluster API Quick Start](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start.html).

> #### For an existing CAPZ installation being upgraded to v1.13.2(or beyond)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### For an existing CAPZ installation being upgraded to v1.14.0 (or beyond)
```

Author: Ack
